insects
yeah I mean women not baby chicks
although I love baby chicks those
marshmallow peeps are trying to shove
them all them out at the same time what
so you can get married it
you're
we just got back from our honeymoon the
funny word honeymoon like a baby boom
baby honey a lot of being circling
around it probably going buzzing
vibrates vibrator makes me think of
something I've just gotten off topic but
I don't mind you know wondering fish
ever go to the grocery store this you
know doesn't make any sense they need
these coupons they don't even have arms
so wherever the children have their hold
on oh that's good I got to write that
down
hey coach you ever think about fish girl
in the grocery store